Miss Su, don't worry.
Your Su family is not a home
Chaco narrowly escaped
Xiao Chen, you are indeed a liar
You have your back on the Qin family in the imperial capital
But still pretended to be full of sad-fishing for three years
To humiliate me tonight
Every word you say
Every word
All seem so ridiculous
Miss Su, can you listen to me?
I have a long-standing engagement with Xiao Chen
But in the past three years
He went incognito for you
disappear
Even I couldn't find a trace of him
Until you divorce him
I just found Qinzhou
Nine Heavens True Dragon is hard to find
The right one is hard to find
But what is more rare is a sincere sincerity
How does Miss Su treat you in this depression?
You should know that for the past three years
Do you dare to ask yourself
Did you ever have a beautiful heart?
My marriage to Xiao Chen
It's not up to you, an outsider, to judge
Miss Su said that well.
Then please don't treat me and Xiao Chen again in the future
Let's talk about it. Okay.
What happened tonight
So be it.
Ok my fiancé